Vacation expense tip number one.
Airbnb is awesome tip.
Use Airbnb when you travel.
I've actually saved a lot of money doing this,
and it's so much cheaper, and it just feels authentic,
and it's less institutionalized as well,
like hotels can be.
Tip number two, book earlier than anybody tip.
Book all flights and vacations many,
many, many months in advance,
and way before anybody else, as you save a fortune.
And you can often cancel the bookings without penalties
if you book way, way in advance.
And ask, as always, about the free cancellation,
and if or when they might lower prices,
or when they might have a sale.
You can ask them on the phone, okay,
and if they don't give you a straight answer,
then just simply ask them what months last year
did they have sales in, or search the web, okay.
Vacation expense tip number three.
Freeze account tip.
Freeze your accounts when you go on vacation,
or if you don't plan on using a membership
that you have for a while, kind of like a gym membership
or other monthly online or television plans.
You know, companies usually agree to freeze your account
because they're terrified that you're going
to cancel as a customer, okay,
and when you call them to freeze your account,
ask them for a discount when you unfreeze the accounts.
And you know what, you lose nothing by asking,
and I recommend asking for discounts annually
from all subscriptions, right,
and you know many are going to say no,
but some will say yes, like cable companies
that don't want to lose your business
to places like Netflix, Hulu, or YouTube.
Vacation expense tip number four.
Kitchen cut cost tip.
Book vacation homes or rooms in hotels with a kitchen.
We actually do this and we shop for groceries
when we arrive on vacation to the hotel, right.
We obviously don't buy from the hotel,
we buy from a grocery store.
And food prices are ridiculously expensive on vacation,
as you know, and if you book a hotel for a week,
your food prices and the ridiculous resort fees
that we never question at check out can add up big time,
and sometimes are more than a couple of nights
of paying for that hotel anyway.
And you know some politician's gotta go after these hotels,
regarding, you know, resort and other fees topic,
as it can be so misleading at checkout time,
but as always, read every item when you check out,
kind of like I mentioned for restaurant receipts,
because sometimes they overcharge you, okay.
Vacation expense tip number five, off season tip.
Try to go on vacation during the off season,
as it is, of course, much, much cheaper
and there's no ridiculous stressful line ups
at airports as well, et cetera.